[41~42] 다음 글을 읽고, 물음에 답하시오.
Illustrations in picture books invite children to read and 
interact with text. They motivate young readers to find 
hidden objects or to predict what is going to happen next. 
Young children love to play hide­’n­seek and look for hidden 
objects in pictures. Picture books can serve as an effective 
tool to promote children’s                . By reading picture 
books without too much text, children learn to use their 
active imagination to interpret and create mental 
representations of the story. Children often associate 
pictures with their life experiences or familiar images, and 
construct meaning based on their background knowledge. 
Children often come up with unique and creative 
interpretations of the plot, settings, and characters when 
they read picture books. For example, the child reader and 
the adult reader may like David Wiesner’s Tuesday for 
different reasons. In this book, Wiesner uses very limited 
words to provide readers with a time frame. Other than that, 
the reader has to use their own imagination and judgment to 
predict and interpret what is going on in the story. For 
example, the book has a picture of pigs floating in the air 
without any accompanying text. Here the reader is invited 
to use their own imagination to predict the future   
adventures of the pigs. This encourages the child reader to 
create their own stories based on their imagination.