[41 ~ 42] 다음 글을 읽고, 물음에 답하시오. 
From the moment instant baking mixes of all kinds were 
introduced in the late 1940s, they had a strong presence in 
American grocery carts, and ultimately at the dinner table. 
However, not all mixes were greeted with equal enthusiasm. 
Housewives were peculiarly reluctant to use instant cake 
mixes, which required simply adding water. Some marketers 
wondered whether the cake mixes were too sweet or 
artificial-tasting. But no one could explain why the mixes 
used to make biscuits, having pretty much the same basic 
ingredients, were so popular, while cake mixes didn’t sell.
One explanation was that the cake mixes simplified the 
process to such an extent that the women did not feel as 
though the cakes they made were “theirs.” Normally, biscuits 
are not a dish by themselves. A housewife could happily 
receive a compliment on a dish that included a purchased 
component without feeling that it was inappropriately earned. 
A cake, on the other hand, is often served by itself and 
represents a complete dish. On top of that, cakes often carry 
great                 significance, symbolizing special occasions. 
A would-be baker would hardly be willing to consider herself 
someone who makes birthday cakes from “just a mix.” Not 
only would she feel humiliated or guilty but she might also 
disappoint her guests. They would feel that they were not 
being treated to something special.    